FILE: notes.txt
PURPOSE: Human planning/reference notes for tour script, teams, and prompts used by the scavenger hunt.

PROJECT NOTE: TGB Builder writes JSON data that is read later by the game engine.
OLD BUILDER: builder_archive.html writes play/data/games_archive.json and play/data/stops.json.
NEW BUILDER: builder_new.html writes play/data/games_new.json.

PRE-TOUR BANTER
Hi. I'm Kevin Kolb.
You get to kick back and relax now as I take you on a walking tour around the neighborhood. You're done thinking for the day.
Now, after many years of being a computer trainer, I know I'm in a bad spot. I'm the only thing standing between you and food and drink.
So — we don't have an open container law here. As long as you're not carrying glass, feel free to grab some snacks and drinks for our walk.
We're on the cusp of the French Quarter, but this neighborhood is still pretty interesting. At least, I think it's pretty interesting. Those of you from other countries might not be too impressed.
As Eddie Izzard says, "I grew up in Europe — that's where the history comes from." So Civil War-era stuff might not blow your minds.
We'll see.
Eddie Izzard is one of Kelley's favorites too. "Do you have a flag?"
Go ahead and get your phones out — I'll have you scan a QR code so I can send you some historical photos along the way.


Beignet
Abigail Beadle, Sanil Parambil, Rahim Bhimani, Chris Bingham
Exact Spot: https://w3w.co/tend.snipped.national shumard

Lagniappe
Matt Toms, Deji Oduntan, Aneesh Chakko, Arlene Radley
Exact Spot: https://w3w.co/ideas.shorter.restore poydras

Tchoupitoulas
Rory Sewell, Chuck Foster, Kamran Kamal, Sharon Maxfield
Exact Spot: https://w3w.co/captures.sailor.clues gallier

Rougarou
Tim Sewell, Jeremy Sharp, Mo Zaman, Jason Atkins
Exact Spot: https://w3w.co/bearings.student.seats ben franklin

Team	        	Calls out to		Gives	    Receives
Beignet	        	LAGNIAPPE	    	JAMBALAYA	gumbo
Lagniappe	    	BEIGNET	        	GUMBO	    jambalaya
Tchoupitoulas		ROUGAROU	    	ETOUFFEE	muffuletta
Rougarou	    	TCHOUPITOULAS		MUFFULETTA	etouffee

Team Stop Order (Latin square — no two teams at same stop at same time, no Sculpture→Ladies adjacency)
Tchoupitoulas		Ladies → Fed Reserve → Bush Tree → Sculpture
Beignet	        	Fed Reserve → Ladies → Sculpture → Bush Tree
Lagniappe	    	Bush Tree → Sculpture → Fed Reserve → Ladies
Rougarou	    	Sculpture → Bush Tree → Ladies → Fed Reserve

DEBRIEF WEDNESDAY

Prizes after pic confirmation

Too long? Too short?

How did you feel when you had to rely on, or wait for other teams, to continue?

Was there a moment where your team disagreed on an answer? How did you resolve it?

Who naturally stepped up as a leader on your team — and did that surprise you?

What's one thing another team did that impressed you?

When you were stuck, what did it take to get unstuck — and does that feel familiar at work?

Did you trust the process even when you didn't have all the information yet?

What would you do differently if you ran the hunt again with a new group?

Did you feel like you were speaking a foreign language, or like you had one hand tied behind your back?

How did you feel having the teams chosen beforehand for you?

How did you like screaming in public?

Did your team ever gel? Does everyone on your team feel that way?

Say keywords during intro that are throwbacks in the game.






TO DO

Team cipher must lock in what team they'r on, not rely on player to be on any old team.

code to play should expire. code given after purchase based on date? -handshake.

Team formation works for any people and any number of people.

Variables for input, recall and routing.

Shuffle stops based on variable.

Skip to stop based on variable?

share with friends button at end of game too, also available to share viae email and somehow when they've purchased but not played yet.

images and icons back in.

text sending noise and text received noise

Still need to shuffle stop Order
Images, Videos, Links, Pay, Team Cipher
Game notifications not browser notifications, especially to scavengervariables through url and player.
nw that we're using a database, we can upload stuff and we can share from team to team.
"You're first. Leave a message for the next team."

add an ai button.

add a countdown to kickoff

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

fix suggest button

anytime responses need a lot of help

click and drag bubbles is wonky


PUBLIC FLOW
index.html
└── library.html
    └── game.html
        └── play.html

ADMIN FLOW
library.html
└── builder.html
    └── game.html
        └── play.html

TEAM FLOW
teams.html
└── play.html


click and drag bubbles not just click to add (FIX)

check warnings and notifications

message bubble with a return in it, goes full screen, doesn't have to

All Caps shrink and grow in player.

In GAME DETAILS move color stuff under guide stuff

player msg label goes under bubble. remove shadow from bubble. apply all guide msg formatting to player msg formatting except keep player gray

rename player msg "MODE" to "ANSWER TYPE"

the types are "EXACT" and ANY"

remove ANYTIME for now

make a method to group answers and the group can be assigned to a variable or made into ANYTIME pair

find old tour stops

write new tour stops.

team cipher

image bubble

video bubble

button that pops up web page in shadow aKuO1C9vb4D5ifv6wFwasTmxm44O6OzBxXytmGnjMtXpshi8enjYRO7Ff5cMydlPXp5


grouping bubbles (Latin Square Design)

route based on answer. Reply your receipt number or PAY for example.
another ex is that you need to go to correct and incorrect based on answer

TEAM CIPHER
Team names are pulled from Game Specific. add to builder
BUTTON BUBBLE will pop up urls as shadow box

create ability to prepopulate names and teams for corporate events.

get colors for cypher from game


Invite Players
Hold up your screen & let players scan
QR Code

OR

Send via Text
Opens a new message with the link
SEND

incorrect answer bubble?

write game instance to db for record keeping

players can change their team's name

remove all default text in bubbles

I've got a weird one. 
In primary color text box, 
a phrase can be entered and then ai will be used 
to search for a primary and secondary color based on that phrase. 
like: NFL Saints or Beach sunrise. PRIMARY COLOR label should read 
PRIMARY COLOR (TYPE COLOR CODE OR SEARCH PHRASE). 
NO APIS USED FOR THIS, JUST SIMPLE AI SEARCH

lET PLAYERS PICK THEIR OWN TEAMS IF THEY WANT.

The need for a local server is back. :(

CAPS shrink and grow in guide message

linksbold and white and underlined

add to insert button:
inline image.
inline video
teams cipher optimized for lightbox

make variables persistent across refresh and or save to db.

eliminate extraneous code and external code (js and css)

write a page that tests all db urls daily and emails a report of broken.

page can receive variables from url too.

IF BUILDER.HTML HAS AND ?id=* in the url then load that game in the builder (this is for admin to work.)

make a demo game to be played from anywhere


PUBLIC FLOW
index.html
└── library.html
    └── game.html
        └── play.html

ADMIN FLOW
library.html
└── builder.html
    └── game.html
        └── play.html

TEAM FLOW
teams.html
└── play.html
